moreover the word of the Lord came to me
moreover the word of the Lord came to me and you son of man thus says the Lord
and you son of man thus says the Lord
and you son of man thus says the Lord God to the Land of Israel and in
God to the Land of Israel and in
God to the Land of Israel and in the end has come upon the four corners
the end has come upon the four corners
the end has come upon the four corners of the land now the end has come upon
of the land now the end has come upon
of the land now the end has come upon you and I will send my anger against you
you and I will send my anger against you
you and I will send my anger against you I will judge you according to your ways
I will judge you according to your ways
I will judge you according to your ways and I will repay you for all your
and I will repay you for all your
and I will repay you for all your abominations my I will not spare you
abominations my I will not spare you
abominations my I will not spare you nor will I have pity but I will repay
nor will I have pity but I will repay
nor will I have pity but I will repay your ways and your abominations will be
your ways and your abominations will be
your ways and your abominations will be in your midst then you shall know that I
in your midst then you shall know that I
in your midst then you shall know that I am the Lord a disaster a singular
am the Lord a disaster a singular
am the Lord a disaster a singular disaster behold it has come an end has
disaster behold it has come an end has
disaster behold it has come an end has come the end has come it has dawned for
come the end has come it has dawned for
come the end has come it has dawned for you behold it has come doom has come to
you behold it has come doom has come to
you behold it has come doom has come to you you who dwell in the land the time
you you who dwell in the land the time
you you who dwell in the land the time has come a day of trouble is near and
has come a day of trouble is near and
has come a day of trouble is near and not of rejoicing in the mountains
not of rejoicing in the mountains
not of rejoicing in the mountains now upon you I will soon pour out my
now upon you I will soon pour out my
now upon you I will soon pour out my fury and spend my anger upon you I will
fury and spend my anger upon you I will
fury and spend my anger upon you I will judge you according to your ways and I
judge you according to your ways and I
judge you according to your ways and I will repay you for all your abominations
will repay you for all your abominations
will repay you for all your abominations my I will not spare nor will I have pity
my I will not spare nor will I have pity
my I will not spare nor will I have pity I will repay you according to your ways
I will repay you according to your ways
I will repay you according to your ways and your abominations will be in your
and your abominations will be in your
and your abominations will be in your midst then you shall know that I am the
midst then you shall know that I am the
midst then you shall know that I am the Lord
behold the day behold it has come doom
behold the day behold it has come doom has gone up the rod has blossomed pride
has gone up the rod has blossomed pride
has gone up the rod has blossomed pride has bodied violence has risen up into a
has bodied violence has risen up into a
has bodied violence has risen up into a rod of wickedness
rod of wickedness
rod of wickedness none of them shall remain none of their
none of them shall remain none of their
none of them shall remain none of their multitude none of them nor shall dare be
multitude none of them nor shall dare be
multitude none of them nor shall dare be wailing for them the time has come the
wailing for them the time has come the
wailing for them the time has come the day draws near let not the buyer rejoice
day draws near let not the buyer rejoice
day draws near let not the buyer rejoice nor the seller mourn for wrath is on
nor the seller mourn for wrath is on
nor the seller mourn for wrath is on their whole multitude for the sellers
their whole multitude for the sellers
their whole multitude for the sellers shall not return to what has been sold
shall not return to what has been sold
shall not return to what has been sold though he may still be alive for the
though he may still be alive for the
though he may still be alive for the vision concerns the whole multitude and
vision concerns the whole multitude and
vision concerns the whole multitude and it shall not turn back no one will
it shall not turn back no one will
it shall not turn back no one will strengthen himself who lives in iniquity
strengthen himself who lives in iniquity
strengthen himself who lives in iniquity they have blown the trumpet and made
they have blown the trumpet and made
they have blown the trumpet and made everyone ready but no one goes to battle
everyone ready but no one goes to battle
everyone ready but no one goes to battle for my wrath is on all their multitude
for my wrath is on all their multitude
for my wrath is on all their multitude the sword is outside and the pestilence
the sword is outside and the pestilence
the sword is outside and the pestilence and famine within whoever is in the
and famine within whoever is in the
and famine within whoever is in the field will die by the sword and whoever
field will die by the sword and whoever
field will die by the sword and whoever is in the city famine and pestilence
is in the city famine and pestilence
is in the city famine and pestilence will devour him those who survive will
will devour him those who survive will
will devour him those who survive will escape and beyond the mountains like
escape and beyond the mountains like
escape and beyond the mountains like doves of the valleys all of them
doves of the valleys all of them
doves of the valleys all of them mourning each for his iniquity every
mourning each for his iniquity every
mourning each for his iniquity every hand will be feeble and every knee will
hand will be feeble and every knee will
hand will be feeble and every knee will be as weak as water they will also be
be as weak as water they will also be
be as weak as water they will also be girded with sackcloth horror will cover
girded with sackcloth horror will cover
girded with sackcloth horror will cover them shame will be on every face
them shame will be on every face
them shame will be on every face baldness on all their heads they will
baldness on all their heads they will
baldness on all their heads they will throw their silver into the streets and
throw their silver into the streets and
throw their silver into the streets and their gold will be like refuse their
their gold will be like refuse their
their gold will be like refuse their silver and their gold will not be able
silver and their gold will not be able
silver and their gold will not be able to deliver them in the day of the wrath
to deliver them in the day of the wrath
to deliver them in the day of the wrath the Lord they will not satisfy their
the Lord they will not satisfy their
the Lord they will not satisfy their souls nor fill their stomachs because it
souls nor fill their stomachs because it
souls nor fill their stomachs because it became their stumbling block of iniquity
became their stumbling block of iniquity
became their stumbling block of iniquity as for the beauty of his ornaments he
as for the beauty of his ornaments he
as for the beauty of his ornaments he set it in majesty but they made from it
set it in majesty but they made from it
set it in majesty but they made from it the images of their abominations their
the images of their abominations their
the images of their abominations their detestable things therefore I have made
detestable things therefore I have made
detestable things therefore I have made it like refuse to them I will give it as
it like refuse to them I will give it as
it like refuse to them I will give it as plunder into the hands of strangers and
plunder into the hands of strangers and
plunder into the hands of strangers and to the wicked of the earth as spoil and
to the wicked of the earth as spoil and
to the wicked of the earth as spoil and they shall defile it I will turn my face
they shall defile it I will turn my face
they shall defile it I will turn my face from them and they will define my secret
from them and they will define my secret
from them and they will define my secret place for robbers shall enter it and
place for robbers shall enter it and
place for robbers shall enter it and defile it make a change for the land is
defile it make a change for the land is
defile it make a change for the land is filled with crimes of blood and the city
filled with crimes of blood and the city
filled with crimes of blood and the city is full of violence therefore I will
is full of violence therefore I will
is full of violence therefore I will bring the worst of the Gentiles and they
bring the worst of the Gentiles and they
bring the worst of the Gentiles and they will possess their houses I will cause
will possess their houses I will cause
will possess their houses I will cause the pomp of the strong to cease and
the pomp of the strong to cease and
the pomp of the strong to cease and their holy places shall be defiled
their holy places shall be defiled
their holy places shall be defiled destruction comes they will seek peace
destruction comes they will seek peace
destruction comes they will seek peace but there shall be none disaster will
but there shall be none disaster will
but there shall be none disaster will come upon disaster and rumour will be
come upon disaster and rumour will be
come upon disaster and rumour will be upon rumor then they will seek a vision
upon rumor then they will seek a vision
upon rumor then they will seek a vision from a prophet but the law will perish
from a prophet but the law will perish
from a prophet but the law will perish from the priests and counsel from the
from the priests and counsel from the
from the priests and counsel from the elders the king will mourn the prince
elders the king will mourn the prince
elders the king will mourn the prince will be clothed with desolation and the
will be clothed with desolation and the
will be clothed with desolation and the hands of the common people will tremble
hands of the common people will tremble
hands of the common people will tremble I will do to them according to their way
I will do to them according to their way
I will do to them according to their way and according to what they deserve I
and according to what they deserve I
and according to what they deserve I will
will
will then they shall know that I am